When a Customer checks out their cart, a list of Transactions are made.

Each Transaction holds a unique Merchant distinguished by their Merchant ID.
Each Transaction is identified by their Transaction ID.

The happy path is when the Transactions are all approved.
Nothing to say there.

However, when the bank responds with OTP required or Declined,
extra steps need to be taken.

First, let's state the cases:
1. All Transactions require OTP or are declined.
2. Some Transactions are approved, but some are declined or require OTP.

Because of the nature of the cases, we need to create a scalable method that
works with one or more Transaction(s) that require OTP or are declined.
For this to work, the bank's code also needs to be modified,
to return a response that includes an array of CardAuthorizationResponses.
The CardAuthorizationResponses.java should also include transactionID.
BankTransactionResponse.ts should change accordingly.

Should the OTP be different for each Transaction requiring OTP?
I believe that's a low quality user experience.
Perhaps OneTimePasscode.java requires a universal Transaction ID that
combines the various independent Transaction IDs with the same OTP string.
This Universal Transaction ID can be created by the Bank and exist only within the Bank.

If the preceeding Transaction requires OTP or is declined,
that does not justify the succeeding Transactions to have the same result.

Each Transaction in the List of Transactions must be handled separately.
Perhaps the Transactions can be ordered by the Amount in Descending order.

All Transactions that have been approved should be compiled together.
All Transactions requiring OTP should be compiled together.
All Transactions that have been declined should be compiled together.

Should the Payment Processor automatically try to make new attempts when a Transaction is declined?
Yes, once a day up to 3 days. After the 3rd day, change the Transaction_status to Declined.
However, I will not include this as part of MVP.
For MVP, whatever is declined stays declined.

Edit: Everything part of MVP EXCEPT lines 25-27 are implemented.
      I'm thinking if lines 25-27 can actually be implemented within the payment processor.
      Line 33 should be implemented in the frontend.
      The frontend will insert in the right order.

Edit: Lines 25-27 are good to go
I may have made changes on a whiteboard, so I will write what I wrote on the whiteboard here

Customer can buy from MULTIPLE Merchants.
Each Customer - Merchant relationship is a unique Transaction.
Each unique Transaction is mapped to One overall Checkout.
This Checkout composed of multiple unique Transactions are compiled by the Payment Processor.

Each Transaction Checkout request made by the Payment Processor has these fields:
1. Transaction ID
2. Merchant ID
3. Card Token
4. Amount
5. Timestamp
6. Cryptogram
7. Payment Processor Callback Url
8. Merchant Name

When the Payment Processor makes a request to the bank with the compiled Transaction Checkout,
the Bank responds with a list of TransactionResponses
It states:
    1. transactionID
    2. CardAuthorizationResponses
        where, this response includes:
        boolean authorized, string authorization code, string decline reason, and string bank callback url.

With this Bank Response, the Payment Processor does the following:
1. On Approve status, save Transaction to Repository with Transaction_Status = PROCESSING
    This part is not implemented yet, but create a TransactionAuthorizationRepository.
    It will have the columns: authorization id, transaction id, authorization code.
    The merchant requests for payment within 3 days or so. They should send either the 
    transaction or authorization id. I'm not sure yet which would be more realistic.
    Upon receiving the id, payment processor requests the bank with authorization code,
    bank verifies the code and withdraws money from customer's bank account, and then
    sends the money to the payment processor, which then forwards it to the merchant's bank account.

2. On Decline, save Transaction to Repository with Transaction_Status = DECLINED

On approve and declines only, direct the user to the checkout results page.

3. On OTP-Required: Send customer to bank callback url.
    The bank should verify otp and redirect user to payment processor callback url
    which will show the customer's checkout result page with the verified transaction results (approved / declined)

In payment processor, if there exists at least one otp required transaction,
redirect user to bank callback.
If none require otp, show checkout results page.

Therefore, the Response DTO that the payment processor backend sends the payment processor frontend is:
status: string (pass or otp)
callback_url: string (will be empty if none require otp)

Bank callback url will need to include "/{otp_id}"
This way, the bank knows exactly which otp string to compare the incoming otp with.

Payment processor callback url will need to include "/{customer_id}"
This way, the checkout results page would automatically show all approved and all declined transactions for the right customer.