A One-Time-Passcode (OTP) is sent to the user for several reasons.
In my case, at least for now, there is one use case.

As a customer, when I want to buy a product from a merchant, I can use a credit/debit card to pay for the transaction.
As a payment processor, when the customer chooses one of their saved payment methods to buy a product,
    I will forward the transaction details to the bank for approval before the merchant receives the payment.
As a bank, when the payment processor charges a client for a product,
    I will need to make sure the transaction can safely happen according to the transaction rules and Fraud Prevention policies.

This process starts from the merchant's frontend. For my case, it will start at the payment processor's frontend.
The payment processor gets the selected card token and sends a request to the issuer's (customer's) bank.
The bank runs through its transaction rules. Once they all pass, it runs its Fraud Prevention (FP) algorithms.
Once the transaction is allowed, there are 3 things that can happen based on the score given by the FP service.

If the FP service returns a score less than or equal to 30, 
the transaction is approved and the authorization code is sent to the payment processor.

If the FP service returns a score: ||| 30 < score <= 70 |||,
the transaction requires an OTP from the customer.

If the FP service returns a score higher than 70,
the transaction is declined and the card is frozen until the customer resolves the issue.

When an OTP is required, we need one extra request field from the Payment Processor.
We need a callback processor URL to tell us where we can redirect the customer to,
once the OTP validation is completed. 

This is because when the payment processor receives that "OTP REQUIRED" response,
it redirects the user to the bank's frontend page that lets the customer enter their OTP.
This means that the CARD_AUTHORIZATION_RESPONSE must also include a "bank_callback_url" link.

The Customer will feel like they never leave the webpage, but in fact, there is a server-to-server
communication happening between the payment processor and the bank.

Once the customer enters an OTP, the bank's backend will validate it.
The results will be forwarded to the Payment Processor's backend.
Afterwards, the customer will be redirected to the Payment Processor's callback Url.
The customer will see the result of their transaction on the Payment Processor's frontend.